Implement filtered autocomplete for algorithm selection (#534)
optimagic-dev/optimagic: docs/source/how_to/how_to_specify_algorithm_and_algo_options.md

Reviewer: This is not rendered properly:

<img width="776" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6ee859a5-6647-42dc-b70b-3cb312ef160e">

Author: This was a pre-commit hook that destroyed the markdown formatting. I excluded that file now. Long run we can look for a better solution.

(specify-algorithm)=

# How to specify and configure algorithms

This how-to guide is about the mechanics of specifying and configuring optimizers in
optimagic. It is not about choosing the right algorithm for your problem. For a
discussion on choosing algorithms, see
[this how-to guide](how_to_algorithm_selection.ipynb)

There are two ways to specify and configure optimizers. The *optimagic way* and the
*scipy way*. Both use the `algorithm` argument of `minimize` and `maximize` to specify
an optimizer and both are super easy to use.

As the name suggests, the *scipy way* is more familiar for users of scipy.optimize. The

> *optimagic way* has much better discoverability and autocomplete. Using the *optimagic

Reviewer: This sounds slightly negative toward scipy imo. I think you could rephrase like:

```suggestion
*optimagic way* adds discoverability and autocomplete. Using the *optimagic
```

Moreover, you have a fixed computational budget, so you want to set stopping options.

If you type `om.algos.`, your editor will show you all available optimizers and a list
of categories you can use to filter the results. In our case, we select `GradientFree`
and `Bounded`, and we could do that in any order we want.

![autocomplete_1](../_static/images/autocomplete_1.png)

After selecting one of the displayed algorithms, in our case `scipy_neldermead`, the
editor shows all tuning parameters of that optimizer. If you start to type `stopping`,
you will see all stopping criteria that are available.

![autocomplete_2](../_static/images/autocomplete_2.png)

## Modifying an algorithm

Given an algorithm, you can easily create a **modified copy** by using the `with_option`
method.

```python
# using copy constructors to create variants
base_algo = om.algorithms.fides(stopping_maxiter=1000)
algorithms = [
    base_algo.with_option(trustregion_initial_radius=r) for r in [0.1, 0.2, 0.5]
]

for algo in algorithms:
    minimize(
        fun=fun,
        params=np.arange(3),
        algorithm=algo,
    )
```

:::

> :::{tab-item} The scipy way

Reviewer: Do we accept the scipy method alias, and the scipy method names aliases already? In any case, I think this should be mentioned here. I.e., it is either slightly different or it is possible to go "full scipy." But please convince me from the opposite.

Author: I added a note.
